README.md, before:

# Hello
This is a repo for various assets to download for the community from PowerBI.tips website. Some of these items are just for downloading while others have an attached blog or instructions from PowerBI.tips. Any links will be provided within this readme file. 

## Layouts Grids
This layout contains two types of grids (Coarse & Fine) on each report page.  The grids included in this layout cover the 16:9 (1280 x 720), 4:3 (960 x 720) and Letter (816 x 1056).  Grids are designed to help you align all your visuals on your report pages. [Tutorial on Grids on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgmfVYMDm60)

## PBI DAX Date Tables PBIX
This is the downloadable PBIX file for Power BI Desktop for the October 2017 tutorial.  In this file you will be able to see all the DAX statements used in the tutorial. Tutorial can be found at [PowerBI.tips blog](https://powerbi.tips/2017/11/creating-a-dax-calendar/).  

## PowerBI tips Icons V2
With the announcement of the Power BI Desktop release of July 2019 we now have a new feature, Icon Sets.  We are please to announce that fellow [MVP Reid Havens](https://www.linkedin.com/in/reidhavens/), from Havens Consulting has worked on some additional icons for you to use.  This brings our Icon list up to 50 Icons.  

Additional Icons Provided by [Havens Consulting](https://www.havensconsulting.net/).  

For more information on Icon Sets read the following [tutorial on how to use them](https://powerbi.tips/2019/07/icons-upon-icons/).

## Report Features Template
This layout deviates from our traditional layout style.  This layout contains the starter "Instructions" page for the report consumer.  Often when we have developed reports for individuals there are a number of new users consuming the report.  With all the wonderful reporting features new users tend to struggle.  They don't know which buttons to press, or are unaware of report feature that you have designed.  This starter PBIT file enables you to quickly develop reports without the need to teach all your end users how the report works.

All linked videos are designed to aid with training the end user how to use your report features.  Check out this new layout and use it in your new reporting projects.

This file links to the following tutorial videos:
- [How to use Drill through](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/drillthrough/)
- [How to use the Ellipsis](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-use-the-ellipsis-in-power-bi/)
- [How to use Focus Mode](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-use-focus-mode-in-power-bi/)
- [How to Navigate Hierarchies](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-navigate-hierarchies/)
- [How to use Tooltips](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-use-tooltips-in-power-bi/)

## Segmented Filtering with Slicers Demo
File download for the [Segmented Filtering with Slicers tutorial](https://powerbi.tips/2018/06/segmented-filtering-with-slicers/).  Thanks for visiting the site and I hope you are finding value in the content provided here.  If you like the content please consider supporting the site by purchasing this file.

## Layouts Folder

## Scrims Folder
Scrims could also be referred to as a background, are images that are used behind your visuals on a report page. Scrims add polish designs to your report. This folder contains collections of free scrims for you to use within your reports.  
  
[Learn more about Scrims](https://powerbi.tips/2019/12/introducing-scrims/)

[Instructions on how to use a Scrim](https://powerbi.tips/2019/12/scrims-instructions/)

Commit message:

fix: Add layouts to readme

README.md, after:

# Hello
This is a repo for various assets to download for the community from PowerBI.tips website. Some of these items are just for downloading while others have an attached blog or instructions from PowerBI.tips. Any links will be provided within this readme file. 

## Layouts Grids
This layout contains two types of grids (Coarse & Fine) on each report page.  The grids included in this layout cover the 16:9 (1280 x 720), 4:3 (960 x 720) and Letter (816 x 1056).  Grids are designed to help you align all your visuals on your report pages. [Tutorial on Grids on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgmfVYMDm60)

## PBI DAX Date Tables PBIX
This is the downloadable PBIX file for Power BI Desktop for the October 2017 tutorial.  In this file you will be able to see all the DAX statements used in the tutorial. Tutorial can be found at [PowerBI.tips blog](https://powerbi.tips/2017/11/creating-a-dax-calendar/).  

## PowerBI tips Icons V2
With the announcement of the Power BI Desktop release of July 2019 we now have a new feature, Icon Sets.  We are please to announce that fellow [MVP Reid Havens](https://www.linkedin.com/in/reidhavens/), from Havens Consulting has worked on some additional icons for you to use.  This brings our Icon list up to 50 Icons.  

Additional Icons Provided by [Havens Consulting](https://www.havensconsulting.net/).  

For more information on Icon Sets read the following [tutorial on how to use them](https://powerbi.tips/2019/07/icons-upon-icons/).

## Report Features Template
This layout deviates from our traditional layout style.  This layout contains the starter "Instructions" page for the report consumer.  Often when we have developed reports for individuals there are a number of new users consuming the report.  With all the wonderful reporting features new users tend to struggle.  They don't know which buttons to press, or are unaware of report feature that you have designed.  This starter PBIT file enables you to quickly develop reports without the need to teach all your end users how the report works.

All linked videos are designed to aid with training the end user how to use your report features.  Check out this new layout and use it in your new reporting projects.

This file links to the following tutorial videos:
- [How to use Drill through](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/drillthrough/)
- [How to use the Ellipsis](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-use-the-ellipsis-in-power-bi/)
- [How to use Focus Mode](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-use-focus-mode-in-power-bi/)
- [How to Navigate Hierarchies](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-navigate-hierarchies/)
- [How to use Tooltips](https://powerbi.tips/2018/09/how-to-use-tooltips-in-power-bi/)

## Segmented Filtering with Slicers Demo
File download for the [Segmented Filtering with Slicers tutorial](https://powerbi.tips/2018/06/segmented-filtering-with-slicers/).  Thanks for visiting the site and I hope you are finding value in the content provided here.  If you like the content please consider supporting the site by purchasing this file.

## Layouts Folder
Layouts are prebuild reports. No data just visuals and styling placed on pages. This was our initial design and thought for creating template reports for Power BI. However, over the years Power BI the product has evolved and now we have a full report builder experience. You can now build and download your own reports at the new [PowerBI.Tips Power Designer](https://tools.powerbi.tips).

## Scrims Folder
Scrims could also be referred to as a background, are images that are used behind your visuals on a report page. Scrims add polish designs to your report. This folder contains collections of free scrims for you to use within your reports.  
  
[Learn more about Scrims](https://powerbi.tips/2019/12/introducing-scrims/)

[Instructions on how to use a Scrim](https://powerbi.tips/2019/12/scrims-instructions/)
